

Writing your CV...it can be hard sometimes. And it's also a bit different when you are a developer. 
In this guide we will tell you about the most important things you need to know to write a great CV for your first developer position. 

 1. The goal of a CV is for an employer to see that you have the required skills to fufill the job that you are applying for. 
 We believe a good CV is 1 page, max 1,5 page(longer is really seen as a bad sign). All information that is not relevant to show that you have the required skills, don't put it on your CV. 
 Hiring managers often only look very shortly at your cv, and you want them to read something they find relevant. 
 
 2. As you are a junior, you might not have a lot of experience with programming. A good way to show what you can do is 
 by writing about the best projects you've been working on, including a github link to your (well looking) code.(and link to your website if it's online)
 Make sure to write what the project was about (shortly) and what your role was in the team, and what technologies you have used to make it. 

 3. When mentioning previous work, describe clearly what you did in the company, what your responsiblities were, and mention successes (if any). 

 4. Customize your resume for specific jobs. As point 1 says, only write information that is relevant to show that you have the required skills. 
 As different job positions might require a different skills, you might want to highlight some other things in your CV based on the job you apply for. 
 For example if a company works a lot with C# and you've worked with this on a small project in the past, it is nice to tell a lot about this project. However if
 the hiring company only works with JavaScript and Angular, you might want to tell about that other project where you worked with angular and not say too much about the C# project. 
 
 5. Write a short introduction above your cv about what type of person you are, what work you are passionate about, and what type of work you are looking for. 
 
 6. NO SPELLING MISTAKES! Make sure somebody who's good in English reads the cv, and checks for mistakes. (we all make them)
 Ask Gijs or Tim, and we'll give you feedback on your English and CV. 

 7. For inspiration have a look at our template below, feel free to use it. 
 https://github.com/HackYourFuture/alumni/blob/master/CV_Template.doc

Also consider using a hosting your cv as a webpage, also there are templates for this:

https://github.com/xriley/Orbit-Theme

And have a look at an example of a CV of one of our old-students:

http://sarea.kissr.com/

Good luck, and remember to ask feedback! 







 
 




